now in some ways the appearance of
psychotically organized individuals is
similar across all personality Styles
and this is because of how early in
development these issues are thought to
originate essentially freezing parts of
the personality in a Proto or
undeveloped State psychotically
organized individuals are intolerant of
their own selfhood the Mind
unconsciously attacks its own abilities
to make meaning out of experience
there's an intense and primitive fear of
both both being a self and also of
dissolving into non-being because the
immature self structure present in
psychotically organized individuals can
cause such abject confusion and fear it
can actually cause those around them to
take a caretaking role to be clear
psychotic individuals are typically at
risk for abuse from other people however
individuals in this range of functioning
can also be unpredictable impulsive or
even dangerous under the right
circumstances